---
title: Cookie Policy
description:
type: 'Policy'
lastModified: 2025-09-01
---

This Privacy Policy describes how Rimelight Entertainment ("we," "us," or "our") collects, uses, and discloses your information when you visit and use our website, "rimelight.com" (the "Website").

## Information We Collect
We may collect personal information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our Website. You may be asked for, as appropriate, your name, email address, mailing address, and payment information. We will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. You can always refuse to supply personal identification information, though it may prevent you from engaging in certain Website-related activities.

Non-Personal Information: We may collect non-personal identification information about you whenever you interact with our Website. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about your means of connection to our Website, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information.


## How We Use Your Information
Rimelight Entertainment may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:

To improve customer service: Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.

To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Website.

To process transactions: We may use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.

To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. It may also be used to respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.


## How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our Website.

### Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

## Third-Party Websites
You may find advertising or other content on our Website that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Website. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Website, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy
Rimelight Entertainment has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the "Effective Date" at the top of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

## Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

## Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: [contact@rimelight.com]